Strengthen requirement for BCP-004-01 Receiver Capabilities (#16)
AMWA-TV/bcp-006-01: docs/NMOS With JPEG XS.md

Nodes capable of receiving JPEG XS video streams MUST have a Receiver resource in the IS-04 Node API, which lists `video/jxsv` in the `media_types` array within the `caps` object.
This has been permitted since IS-04 v1.1.

> If the Receiver has limitations on the JPEG XS video streams that it supports, the Receiver resource MUST indicate the constraints using [BCP-004-01][] Receiver Capabilities. The `constraint_sets` parameter within the `caps` object can be used to describe combinations of frame rates, width and height, and other parameters which the receiver can support, using the parameter constraints defined in the [Capabilities register](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-parameter-registers/branches/main/capabilities/) of the NMOS Parameter Registers.

Author: ```suggestion
If the Receiver has limitations on the JPEG XS video streams that it supports, the Receiver resource MUST indicate the constraints using [BCP-004-01][] Receiver Capabilities.
The `constraint_sets` parameter within the `caps` object can be used to describe combinations of frame rates, width and height, and other parameters which the receiver can support, using the parameter constraints defined in the [Capabilities register](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-parameter-registers/branches/main/capabilities/) of the NMOS Parameter Registers.
```

> The following parameter constraints have been registered initially for use with JPEG XS:

Author: By which I mean "these were created specifically for use with JPEG XS (so pay attention, please!), but at least profile/level are expected to be used for other codecs too..."

Can it be phrased better?

Author: ```suggestion
The following parameter constraints can be used to express limits specifically defined by ISO/IEC 21122 and RFC 9134:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following parameter constraints can be used to express limits specifically defined by ISO/IEC 21122 and RFC 9134 for JPEG XS decoders:
```

- [Profile](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-parameter-registers/branches/main/capabilities/#profile)
- [Level](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-parameter-registers/branches/main/capabilities/#level)
- [Sublevel](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-parameter-registers/branches/main/capabilities/#sublevel)  
- [Packet Transmission Mode](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-parameter-registers/branches/main/capabilities/#packet-transmission-mode)  

When the JPEG XS decoder supports the Unrestricted profile, level or sublevel, the Receiver can indicate that the parameter is unconstrained, as described in BCP-004-01.
When the decoder does not support Unrestricted but supports a range of profiles, levels or sublevels, the `enum` Constraint Keyword can be used to indicate the acceptable values.

> Other parameter constraints, such as the following ones on coded video Flow and Sender attributes, are also appropriate for use with JPEG XS:

Author: ```suggestion
Other existing parameter constraints, such as the following, are also appropriate to express limitations on supported JPEG XS video streams:
```
